Makera PR: Optimized the path movement to the work origin before mach… (#330)
Carvera-Community/Carvera_Community_Firmware: version.txt

- Enhancement: Added improved PID Spindle control that increases performance of carvera C1 spindles. Setup requires following the guide on the documentation page
- Fixed: Prevent incorrect current line reporting after a tool change
- Lint: conformed all error messages to the format ERROR: <message> for easier hooks in the controller

> - Fixed: Optimized the path movement to the work origin before machining to prevent collisions with the workpiece or fixture. Change from Makera

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed: M495 now retracts Z and clears the chuck in separate axis moves before approaching the work origin (new R flag for rotary jobs), and unwinds the 4th axis in work coordinates when returning to work origin, preventing collisions with the workpiece or fixture. Backported from Makera firmware
```
